[ForgeGradle] The ForgeGradle 6 Update (#497)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/configuration/index.md

* `stable` - This uses a mapping set generated by MCP. These are typically incomplete and no longer exist as of 1.17.
* `snapshot` - This also is a mapping set generated by MCP, similar to a nightly build of a program. These are also typically incomplete and no longer exist as of 1.17.

!!! note
    The class names used in production are from `stable` prior to 1.17 and from `official` from 1.17 onwards.

```gradle
mappings {
    // Sets the mappings to use those from Mojang for Minecraft 1.19.4.
    mappings channel: 'official', version: '1.19.4'

    // ...
}
```

### Parchment

Parchment is an official project maintained by ParchmentMC which provides open, community-sourced parameter names and javadocs on top of the `official` mapping set. You can learn how setup and use the parchment mapping set on [their website][parchment].

Preparing Run Tasks
-------------------

Run tasks (`run*`) have two separate pipelines depending on whether they are executed through `gradlew` or a run configuration. By default, there are two tasks that prepare the workspace for execution:

> First, there is the `prepare*` tasks which extract and apply the relevant mappings for execution in a development environment. Within an integrated development environment (IDE), the mod sources are not compiled by default, as it is unnecessary. Next, there are the `prepare*Compile` tasks which compiles the mod sources. This is used in conjunction within the `prepare*` tasks to execute a run configuration directly through `gradlew`, or if the relevant setting is enabled through the run configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, there are `prepare*` tasks which run before `run*` tasks and ensure that mapping files are prepared for the game. The `prepare*Compile` task is tipically only run as a dependency of `run*` tasks to make sure that the game is compiled before it is run.
```

> If your IDE is either Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA, the run configuration can be configured to execute the `prepare*Compile` tasks before starting the game by setting `enableEclipsePrepareRuns` or `enableIdeaPrepareRuns`, respectively, to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your IDE is either Eclipse or IntelliJ IDEA, the run configuration can be configured to execute the `prepare*` tasks before starting the game by setting `enableEclipsePrepareRuns` or `enableIdeaPrepareRuns`, respectively, to `true`. This will allow you to invoke custom Gradle tasks before your IDE launches the game.
```

```gradle
minecraft {
    // ...

>     // Enable the prepare*Compile task for run configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Enable the prepare* task for run configurations
```

    enableEclipsePrepareRuns true
    enableIdeaPrepareRuns true
}
```

### Copy IDE Resources

> The `copyIdeResources` property can be used to copy resources configured by the `processResources` task to the IDE's resource output directories. This allows run configurations not using the `prepare*Compile` task to use buildscript configurable resources. This only applies to Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA via the `copyEclipseResources` and `copyIntellijResources` tasks, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `copyIdeResources` property can be used to copy resources configured by the `processResources` task to the IDE's resource output directories. This allows IDE run configurations that do not invoke Gradle (IntelliJ configured to use the IDEA runner or Eclipse) to use buildscript configurable resources. Usually, you need to enable this property when you're replacing values in files like the `mods.toml`.  
This only applies to Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA via the `copyEclipseResources` and `copyIntellijResources` tasks, respectively.
```
